Add various REST API docs (emails, files, marketing messages, notes, pages, roles) (#139)
mautic/developer-documentation-new: docs/rest_api/files.rst

Files
#####

> This endpoint is useful for working with files of images and Assets.

Author: Good question! This is literally copy-pasted from the old docs. I was just laser-focused on getting everything converted from markdown to RST and fixing all the Vale errors/warnings 😅 Looking at the docs, it seems that Files can indeed both be images or "assets". At this point I'm not sure what exactly is meant by those, but I think this endpoint has very similar behavior as Mautic's media uploader. I'll do some testing tomorrow.

> This endpoint is useful for working with files of images and Assets.

Reviewer: Yea, this endpoint allows to upload files. There are 2 places in Mautic where users can upload files:
1. Images for the email/page builder
2. Assets that users can download.

This endpoint allows to upload files to both places.

> This endpoint is useful for working with files of images and Assets.

Reviewer 2: Yeah so I would change it to be:

```suggestion
This endpoint is useful for working with files, which might include images and Assets.
```
